1. **What is the meaning of marriage?** In older times it might have meant survival, in recent times it might just mean a companion in the journey of life. How important is this companionship in modern times? One thing for sure, its perhaps easy to get lonely and lost within the human society with just a few days of social detachment. We can wonder if that could be just a few hours in future - a few hours of social detachment can make someone depressed and lonely. #marriage
	1. Though I have observed, when a human is occupied in karma, they get some degree of immunity from loneliness.
	2. If an individual who wants to live forever without a marriage, should have this social and karma aspects figured out.
	3. Reducing the human social instincts require strong control over the brains - this is the hard front to fight. Karma or keeping yourself occupied with work seems relatively simpler task, though many in the society still struggle with it. We struggle as humans to stick to our visions and missions.
	4. Marriage, how I see it, seems an easy way to solve the two difficult problems discussed above. Society accepts you more when married, plus two individuals can always keep each other socially active. On the karma front, marriage gives you the simplest vision and mission, like every other flora and fauna has - an instinct to procreate.
	5. The visions and missions of many human lives are as simple as for every flora and fauna as said, to consume and survive - procreate - and die. Not saying procreation to be the only vision and mission of humans, but definitely the most important one. How many humans exists who have higher priority vision and mission than procreation? And how many of them survive past 70 years of life?
2. **Is it possible to immigrate to US just to work for a few years?** I pondered this question a bit, and the answer is - Yes of-course, but it seems not worth it. My personal goal of asking this question was to experience the work culture rather than to settle in another country. But even to just work for a few years, given we get an offer, will have to go through a H1B lottery! Rather it makes sense to work remotely for an international org or market. #visas
	1. Europe is worth an exploration, but there's an obvious language barrier and less startup vibe.
	2. The H1B visas have a lottery where we are competing at-least 4 lakh application vs 85,000 seats. That means even if we go through 5 rounds of interviews and apply for this lottery and end up not getting lucky - the jobs gone, even when you are qualified. H1B seems a total rat race.
	3. I was more interested in the O - 1A, these are visas for individuals with extraordinary achievements. I am far away from it, but this still seems a more interesting path because it takes you through the extraordinary.

